# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  [gap of 16ms]
  create-invalidation-state 15ms
  generate-extra-metadata-files 30ms
  [gap of 18ms]
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 83ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata 16ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  create-invalidation-state 11ms
  generate-extra-metadata-files 33ms
  write-metadata-json-to-file 49ms
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 107ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata 25ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata 16ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  create-invalidation-state 20ms
  generate-extra-metadata-files 15ms
  [gap of 13ms]
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 53ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata 16ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata 16ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata 26ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata 27ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  [gap of 13ms]
  generate-extra-metadata-files 35ms
  [gap of 169ms]
  write-metadata-json-to-file 38ms
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 260ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata 11ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata 19ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata 15ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  create-invalidation-state 14ms
  [gap of 15ms]
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 31ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata 25ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  create-invalidation-state 19ms
  [gap of 17ms]
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 40ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata 21ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata 23ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  create-invalidation-state 51ms
  [gap of 18ms]
  generate-extra-metadata-files 50ms
  [gap of 21ms]
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 143ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  create-invalidation-state 11ms
  generate-extra-metadata-files 25ms
  [gap of 39ms]
  write-metadata-json-to-file 12ms
  [gap of 63ms]
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 161ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata 21ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata 17ms

